hello and welcome this is for people
that are having this problem a very
annoying problem that no one is telling
anyone how to solve because no one knows
I've just been sitting here for four and
a half hours making this and trying to
figure out how to stop them balls
spheres even falling through all right
I've done what everyone said I've on on
the this object and floor
I put collide on I've gone to simulation
during our mix and create Collider first
of all the toilet of rigid body that
didn't work because everything just went
all over the place
toilet we've collided and that stayed
still but then they're still falling
through after by clicking on cloner or
and go into the dynamic tag and dynamic
body or click up click on it and go into
simulation dynamics and create rigid
body that it is still happening
alright and I know a lot of people
having this trouble because I've been
trying to find our how to do it on
Google on YouTube there's not one video
how to do it and you know no one
everyone's saying to do this and it's
just not working basically I figured it
out rather than on the cloner rather
than having that delete that open up the
cloner without highlight in the clone at
the top I've got almost fusing it I know
autopsy highlight highlight sport not
it's not the same forget almost fears
know this and add the dynamic body just
to them see this net there isn't one
next to clone here and now gonna play it
there the reason it's not falling down
is because I've set this to one big lump
which was a mistake but I gotta go back
far enough so I just have to start again
so I mean the Box goes right over the
top
nevermind
you know how to do it now I hope that's
helped a lot of you it should of so yep
I love you and leave yet